♪♪
Yeah, boy, the Peanuts
are going to nationals!
-All: (cheering)
Go, Peanuts!
-Yeah!
Tess, it was so amazing
when you hit that
oh, thing, after you did
the uh, uh, uh,
turn, uh, thing.
-The other team was like,
"Aw," and we were like...
-Both: "Aah!"
So, where in the nation
are nationals?
-Somewhere sunny, I hope.
-Yeah.
Any chance we can get
some surf and sand
with our pick and roll?
-Ooh! (chuckles)
-Get it?
Well, you sun worshipers
will be pleased to learn
that this year's nationals
are in Miami.
-(screaming)
-Both: Miami!
-Yeah!
-♪ Do do do do do do, yes! ♪
-So I guess you guys
wanna come?
-No doubt about it.
-(giggles)
-Mom, you, uh, signing up
to be a chaperone?
Oh, no. No, no, no.
I'm, I'm signing up for
a new bathing suit.
-Mama need to look good.
-Yeah! (clapping)
- ♪ Hey ♪
-♪ Yo ♪
♪ Let me tell you somethin' ♪
♪ Had my vision
all worked out ♪
♪ But then life
had other plans ♪
♪ Tell 'em, Rae ♪
♪ It's crazy when things
turn upside down ♪
♪ But ya gotta get up
and take that chance ♪
-♪ Maybe I'm
just finding my way ♪
- ♪ Learning how to fly ♪
-♪ Yeah, we're gonna be okay ♪
-♪ Ya know I got you, right? ♪
♪ It might be wild, but ya
know that we make it work ♪
♪ We're just kids
caught up in a crazy world ♪
-♪ C'mon! ♪
-♪ It's Raven's Home ♪
-♪ We get loud! ♪
♪ It's our crowd! ♪
♪ Might be tough,
but together
we make it look good ♪
♪ Down for each other
like family should ♪
♪ It's Raven's Home ♪
♪ When it's tough ♪
♪ We got love ♪
♪ 'Cause no matter the weather,
ya know we gon' shine ♪
♪ There for each other,
ya know it's our time ♪
(Raven laughing)
Yep! That's us.
(laughing)
♪♪
Yo, I am so excited
for nationals,
but we have
to get there first.
Any ideas on how we can
raise $5,000 by Monday?
Well, we did a car wash
for band camp and raised
a bunch of money.
-(rain pouring outside)
-Look outside, raindrop.
It's been pouring all week.
Well, why do you have
to raise so much money
all of a sudden?
I mean, can't the school help?
We're the Peanuts.
We didn't expect to win.
Plus, budget cuts.
The school has to repair
a lot of weather damage,
and nationals aren't
really high on their
priority lists.
That is because this country
refuses to put global warming
high on the priority list,
and look at us now.
Not the time. Gotcha.
Wait, what about a live stream?
I mean, we could
set up a camera,
people could perform,
and then the viewers
can donate.
Maybe there could
even be phone lines.
-Who uses those?
-Old people.
Oy gevalt, bubbe.
Yes.
Yes, we're coming to Miami.
Uh-huh.
Oh, I can't wait
to pinch your
shayna punim.
Well, I'm ready to help.
My magic act is tight.
Speaking of, Booker,
what's behind your ear?
Nothing.
Or is there?
(blows)
-Whoa.
-Ah, finders keepers.
Hey, Tess, do you want
to try to bring back
The Chi-Lective to perform?
Oh, no.
I am team captain, now.
I need Coach Spitz
to see that I'm serious
about the team.
Well, we've got your back.
Don't worry.
Why don't you kids
strategize like this
when rent is due
every month?
You know what I mean?
Like, where's my backup?
Where's my
live streaming team?
♪♪
Coach Spitz,
as team captain,
I'm gonna treat
this fundraiser
just like my baby.
That's what I like to hear,
O'Malley.
In that case,
nurture this fundraiser.
Feed and burp it.
'Cause if we don't
raise $5,000 today,
the Peanuts are roasted.
Yo, we still have $5,000
left to raise,
but we've got this.
You know it.
Everything's
gonna go fine.
Lil Lo-Lo:
Speaking of fine...
-So he's still cheesin', huh?
-All day, every day.
Hey, Lloyd.
You got an act
prepped for today?
Ah, I don't really do acts.
I'm here to support my team,
and provide my services as...
(grunts)
The host with the most.
You love a backflip,
don't you?
They're kinda my thing.
Well, hosting is kinda
my thing.
since the livestream telethon
was my idea.
So, thanks, little man,
but I got this.
I don't really care
who's got this.
As long as it gets done.
You feel?
I won't let my team,
or my queen, down.
(whooshing)
Did you just have a vision?
Is everything gonna go great?
Yes, yes, exactly.
Everything's, everything's
gonna go great.
-Dope.
-(laughing)
(whispers):
Everything is not
gonna go great.
I just had a vision
of Tess crying.
We have to make sure
this live stream goes off
without a glitch.
-Yeah.
-Just relax.
I'll make all your worries
disappear.
Magician joke.
You wouldn't get it.
And I have been prepping
my makeup artist tutorials,
and trust me,
they will be the highlight
of the live stream.
(chuckles)
It's a makeup artist joke.
You wouldn't get it.
♪♪
Baxter-Carter-Graysons.
Thanks for coming
to help out.
-Oh, the mamas are ready.
-Yeah!
Anything to help us
get to Miami.
Yeah, anything to help
the kids get to Miami.
Right, right.
Anything to help
the kids get to Miami.
Glad to hear it.
Now, phone duty's
not an easy job,
so use this script.
It has all the major
talking points.
-(both laughing)
-(paper crumpling)
-Can we please?
-(laughing)
-Please! I think we know
how to answer phones, Coach.
-Okay?
Don't worry about it,
Coach, all right?
We got this.
Well, all right, then.
Show me what you got.
(phone rings)
Hello? Go Peanuts!
(gasps) Oh, hey, girl!
Yeah!
No. Mm-mm.
They got me off camera.
-Yeah, you know it's
always about the kids.
-Mm.
If they really wanted
to make some money,
you know what
they would do.
That's right, girl.
That's right.
They'd put me
center stage. Yes!
-(phone rings)
-Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh!
This is Chelsea. Go, Peanuts.
(clears throat)
Yeah.
Yeah, well, I guess I don't
have renter's insurance.
Yeah, my credit card number's
5-5-5-6-7--
Hello? Hello?
(scoffs) Rude.
-Okay, you did that.
(clears throat)
-Yeah.
Hey, ladies?
You gotta stay focused.
Okay? This is like
a reality show.
You're not here to make friends,
or buy renter's insurance.
You're here to raise
money for nationals.
(hisses)
We know what
we're here for.
-You don't have to
coach-splain us.
-Mm-hmm.
-Right? Right.
-That's right. Yeah.
-Both: Go, Peanuts!
-Ha! (chuckles)
But we do need
renter's insurance,
right?
Well, call 'em back!
(rain pouring)
So, Olivia, starting center
for the Peanuts,
and aspiring model,
will be helping me
with my demonstration.
Step one: use primer
to create the perfect canvas.
Sorry, Olivia.
An even more perfect canvas.
Things are looking
pretty good.
Heck, yeah, they are.
-I'm talking about
the money, Lloyd.
-Yes.
If we keep this pace,
we'll be at the nationals
in no time.
Look at the before and after.
What a transformation.
Now, when we come back,
blush, to make him blush.
Hey. You're watching the
Yo! Fund Me live stream
for the Fighting Peanuts.
And boy, have we got
a show for you.
You've seen
Nia Baxter-Carter's
makeup mastery.
-Now, it's time for--
-Your boy Lo-Lo.
I can't wait
for you guys to see
what we have
in store for you.
-What are you doing?
-I'm just trying to add
a little star power, bruh.
No offense, but,
you're a little dry.
-I'm a little dry?
-Yeah.
I'll have you know I host
all of my family's
impromptu competitions.
And no one has
ever accused me
of being dry.
Look, I just want to make sure
Tess gets the very best.
So we agree
everything needs
to go right today.
Which is why
I need to be the host.
And you should leave it
to the professionals.
Heh. Yeah, yeah.
That's my thing.
If, if, if you guys are done
doing rhythmic gymnastics,
I'm ready to demonstrate
my ball handling.
-Okay.
-(ball thudding)
-(water pouring)
-(Booker sputtering)
Now, what, what,
uh, what is this?
Put someone else on.
I'll go grab some buckets
and things will be okay.
So that's why they're
spending so much money
on weather damage repair.
Ugh.
Climate change,
am I right?
Oh, come on!
This is totally the time
to talk about it!
♪♪
(phones ringing)
(rain pouring outside)
Booker, I know
you had a vision,
but don't worry.
Once everyone sees me escape
from this straight jacket,
-the donations will
come pouring in.
-Okay.
Levi, are you sure about this?
Hey, who's the magician here?
Lock me up
and throw away the key.
-Well, maybe we shouldn't--
-Throw away the key!
-(key clatters)
-Hey, you guys good?
Perfect. Nia just
threw away the key.
I'm gonna escape
from this straight jacket.
Tess, it's almost time for
your jump shot tutorial.
Are you ready?
No. Just slide someone else
in my spot.
I don't think we have
enough buckets,
so I had to use some of
the recycling bins.
(gasps)
Don't worry.
I'll put 'em back, okay?
Okay, well, if you need
anything, we're right--
Hey, I'm team captain.
I know how to manage my team,
so I can handle any problem.
(grunting)
Levi, you okay?
This is all part of the trick.
Building suspense.
Also, I have to pee.
Where's that key again?
We threw it away,
remember?
Per your request?
Uh, y-yep.
I-I don't need it.
-Hmm.
-I'm gonna move away, though,
'cause this tricking water
is confusing my bladder.
♪♪
-How'd you do, Chels?
-Not good, Rae. Not good.
Seven bucks.
And two of 'em,
I stole from your wallet.
How'd you do?
I, I only got five.
People are so stingy.
Whoa! Fifty dollars?
You just made me holler.
How 'bout that? Mm.
-Fifty dollars?
-Calm down, Chels.
He probably
got it from his mama.
What?
Another hundred dollars?
Okay.
What? How rich is his mama?
How's it going
over there, ladies?
I hear phones ringing,
but I don't see money
cha-chingin'.
(chuckles)
Everything's going great.
All right, well, if you want,
I can show you how it's done.
No, you don't have
to show us anything,
all right?
-We are raking in the dough
over here.
-Yeah.
It's just coming in,
you know.
What does he have
that we don't have?
-A script.
-(paper rustling)
Come on, Rae.
That's right.
Listen, we can't let Coach
think he can beat us.
-No, that is our job.
-Yeah.
-So roll up your
sleeves, Chels.
-Uh-huh.
We got two chairs in Miami
just waitin' for us. Well.
-With umbrellas?
-Yeah.
With umbrellas.
And people.
-Just walking by
feeding us grapes.
-(Chelsea gasps)
-Red or green grapes?
-Don't be caught
in the details, Chels.
♪♪
(flute playing off-key)
Is it just me,
or is he really
bad at this?
Yeah, it's definitely
not just you.
I gotta go back in.
Olivia! Time to highlight!
(chuckles)
Hey, hey, Jason, great job.
Yeah, you definitely
have a gift.
You just need to unwrap it.
Off camera.
How you doin' there, Tess?
I don't know, Levi.
It's a real slip-and-slide
up in here.
I would give you a hand,
but I'm a little
tied up here right now.
Ha, ha!
This is not the time
for jokes, Houdini.
Oh, my gosh.
You are runway-ready.
Now, let's just finish
this look off with
a matte lip.
(dings)
Wow.
If being president
doesn't work out,
I could just become
a makeup artist.
Nah, who am I kidding?
President's definitely
gonna work out.
Nia Baxter-Carter, 2048.
♪♪
(phone ringing)
Go for Spitz
at the Carver Peanuts
live stream telethon.
-(phone clicks)
-Coach Spitz:
A hundred dollars?
Oh, that's very generous.
What? He is like
freakishly good at this.
Oh, yeah? Yeah?
Well, he's not
better than me.
Watch and learn.
I'm about to sprinkle
some Raven
-on this script.
-Okay.
(phone rings)
Hello?
Go for Raven
at the Carver Peanuts
live stream telethon.
Do you care about
the dreams of children?
Girl, that pledge will
only give one dream.
I said "dreams"!
(phone ringing)
Hello, yes, yes.
Go for "insert name"
at the Carver Peanuts
live stream telethon.
Do you care about
the dreams of children?
(clears throat)
Um. (clears throat)
You know what, sir?
I had a dream.
I did once. I did.
I was the lead
in the traveling company
of "Bats: Love is Blind."
And if we only had
the support of a sponsor
like you,
we could have made it
to the Broadway.
Listen, listen.
Let me tell you a story,
all right?
It's about a girl
with hoop dreams.
She lived across the hall
from a successful...
talented entrepreneur.
Let's just call her "Maven."
A hundred and fifty dollars?
(chuckling) Well...
To stop talking. Okay, great.
Thanks so much.
Three hundred dollars?
We'll take it!
-Yeah!
-Put it on the board.
I'm your man with the plan,
Booker Baxter-Carter.
And I'm the boss
with the sauce, Lil Lo-Lo.
And you...
just heard a dramatic monologue
by Nakeita Evans.
Or what some might call...
a moving soliloquy.
But, um, ha,
coming up next,
we have Levi--
Not yet, not yet.
Give me five more minutes.
Okay, well, while we're waiting
for our magician to get ready,
I-I have a joke. (chuckles)
Uh, why did the chicken
cross the road?
To get away from that
old joke and to get
to some fresh ones
-across the street?
-(both chuckling)
This guy.
Hey, hey. Why, why, why
don't you go somewhere?
Fine. The talents need
to take five anyway.
I'll be in my dressing room.
It's the janitor's closet.
Hey, uh, Nia,
the audience loves you.
-Get back out here.
-Nia, Nia, Nia.
Do not get back out there.
I can't afford to lose
another player.
Tess, what are you
talking about?
Thanks to your
makeup tutorials,
Olivia got discovered
on our live stream,
and was offered
a modeling contract.
She's not going to Miami.
-She's filming a commercial
in Michigan.
-No way!
No way.
No. No, if she was gonna
give up on the team
that easily,
I did you a favor.
Well, now our team
has no starting center,
and we still have $2,000
left to raise.
Oh, and the gym is sinking
further below sea level.
All right, everyone.
Let's welcome back
everyone's favorite
flautist,
Jason.
(playing off-key)
Look, don't worry, Tess.
Don't cry.
We can fix this.
I'm not crying.
I'm just irritated
that you can't stop fighting
with Lil Lo-Lo long enough
to announce people.
And you can't even
get out of that
straight jacket!
I'm trying!
The MeTube video made
this look so easy.
-(yells)
-(thuds)
Well, now I'm
covered in rain water,
and my shoes are
making weird noises.
-(squeaking)
-Ugh.
If one more thing
goes wrong,
-we're not gonna be able--
-(thunder crashes)
(electricity crackles,
powers down)
Hello? Hello?
(flute trilling off-key)
Thanks, Jason.
♪♪
Well, power's out.
Guess that's the end
of the live stream.
The first time the Peanuts
have made it to nationals
in forever,
and we can't even go.
I'm such a failure.
Tess, you're doing
a great job.
This is a big event,
and we raised a decent
amount of money.
But not enough.
Don't be so hard
on yourself, Tess.
-You can't control the weather.
-But as team captain,
I should be able to.
I heard myself.
I'm a little out of control.
Tess, you're putting
too much pressure
on yourself.
And yes, I know
that's hilarious,
coming from me.
Look, Tess,
you're the captain.
-But you're the captain
of a team.
-Mm-hmm.
And we're part of
your team, too.
We can help you.
-Just tag us in.
-(Nia chuckles)
-(lights powering on)
-(Booker chuckles)
-Tess, it's a sign.
-(phone ringing)
-We can't give up now.
-Yes.
We can still get
that live stream
back on track.
How?
I mean, look at this mess.
-I'll handle the buckets.
-Ooh. I'll mop.
-And host.
-Mm.
Levi?
Look, I'm doing
the best I can.
-(phones ringing)
-(indistinct chatter)
Okay. We're back on live.
Let's see how it goes.
Oh, great. The power outage
must have messed up
the money counter.
Check it out.
Look, I am on our
Yo! Fund Me page,
and look at these comments.
They can't believe
that the Peanuts
made it to nationals
playing in a run-down gym
like this.
-They're donating.
-Should we clean up
a little more?
No. No, no.
These leaks are playing
great with our audience.
I know what else
is playing great
with our audience.
Lil Lo-Lo.
What's up, chicken jokes?
Look, I need you
by my side, bruh.
So you finally realized
you can't do this
without me, huh?
Ha! I didn't say that.
We're like Steph and Klay.
And I've got a lot
of great ideas.
Are your ideas just
a bunch of backflips?
Wow. That's better
than what I had.
♪♪
This next act is like nothing
you've ever seen before.
It requires skill.
And dexterity.
And a little bit of this.
(grunts)
Eh!
Please join us
in introducing...
Philip, the phenomenal flipper.
Whoa. He's done it.
I can't believe it, folks.
A two-hander.
That's one for
the record books.
Don't, don't
embarrass yourself, bruh.
He's over here trying
to out-flip water.
Both:
Thank you for your
generous donation.
(both sighing)
I think that is it
for me, Chels.
I am exhausted.
Yep. Right?
We fought hard, you know?
And we raised a lot of money.
Yeah, but, was it enough?
-Did we beat Coach Spitz?
-Oh.
I don't think
we'll ever find out,
and you know what?
-I'm too tired to care.
-Yeah. (clears throat)
-Ladies.
-Both: Hey!
-What are you here for,
to gloat?
-(chuckling)
I just came to thank you
for your incredible
dedication today.
You two raised $2,000.
Both (screaming):
Yes! Yes! Yes!
-We did that.
-Yeah, we did!
-Wait a second.
How much did you raise?
-(chuckling)
Oh. I raised, uh,
fifty dollars.
-Both: What?
-What can I say?
I don't have the gift of gab.
I inflated he amounts
I was raising so you'd
compete with me.
You played us?
That was low.
-But a really good idea.
We should use that on the kids.
-Yeah.
I'm Coach Spitz.
I know how to
motivate people.
Otherwise...
Well, otherwise,
I'd just be Spitz.
-Go, Mama Peanut.
-Aah, aah!
It's Miami Peanuts now, Coach.
-Okay.
-Yeah! Yes!
-All right, Yeah, Miami!
-Yeah.
(all chattering)
So...
Tess, did we do it?
Can we be done yet?
If you're asking
if we made $5,000,
the answer is no.
Oh.
We made $10,500.
-(laughs)
-The 'Nuts are going
to Nationals!
(cheering and applause)
Great job, O'Malley.
You were a real trouper today.
Now we have enough
to go to nationals,
-and help the school
repair the roof.
-Mm-hmm.
I saw you hustling
out there today.
Cleaning up spills.
Keeping things moving.
You're a real leader, Tess.
Thanks, Coach.
I doubted myself
for a minute.
Well, that was
a wasted minute.
Because I never doubted you.
We're lucky to have you
as captain.
Hey, that was my vision.
Well, I am so glad
you got it wrong.
Ah, you know, that,
that happens every
once in a while.
Would you like
to do the honors?
I would love to.
Go, Peanuts!
All:
(all cheering)
(groaning)
Levi, let's just
get the scissors
and cut you out of it, honey.
No, that's not magic.
Yo, we're tired.
We want to go to bed!
The live stream
ended hours ago.
Magic doesn't adhere
to the rules of time
and space.
(grunting and groaning)
Ta-da!
Uh, excuse me.
A little applause?
Oh. Whoo!
We get to go to bed!
(all cheering)
Voila!
And the family
disappears.
♪♪